Today we will provide you with a commentary on how to catch a black bass from Kasumigaura with a popper.
I will
This is right
In the side
The ship is sinking, but around it
I'm attacking with poppers
ThatLookLikeThis
The sink is sinking
Actually, about an hour before I can catch this popper
I caught one in a no sinker worm around this tooth calm
After that there is also a place to rest
I was fishing at a different place, but it is about 4 o'clock in the evening
The surface of the water is that small fish house has come out
I'm thinking I'm going out with poppers around this sink
I attacked again
Popper's
Though it's Zehnder of action
First, it is toward the lower it is the lot
The yarn is slackened
In a state in which the slack in
not really
In small increments without moving a large thread
It feels like you play with it
Lure does not move much when moved
Neck also looks like Nechinechi and Iiii action shook is put out it in this sedation
Rice by starting around
Then it changed like this
It has gone out
After all it was the best feeling when it was possible to catch it with the top water
Thank you for your viewing
We wish you subscribe
Well then